Add documentation for how to get bors try privileges (#2917)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/Contributing.md

Merging Pull Requests
---------------------

> 

Reviewer: Nit: Don't remove the extra space. [Markdownlint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavidAnson.vscode-markdownlint) recommends it, and it's consistent with the rest of this document.

| bors ping | Check if Bors is up. If it is, it will comment with _pong_.
| bors retry | Run the previous command a second time.

> Anyone who has created atleast one PR in the Open Enclave repo may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone who has created at least one PR in the Open Enclave repo may
```

request `bors try` permissions. Please email
oesdkcgc@lists.confidentialcomputing.io to request access.

Also see our [Bors dashboard](https://app.bors.tech/repositories/21855/).

After a bors run, there is a known issue where Jenkins builds don't have links

> to the build logs for each pipeline. Please see #2878 for a work around for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to the build logs for each pipeline. Please see #2878 for a workaround for
```

> to the build logs for each pipeline. Please see Issue#2878 for a work around for

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
to the build logs for each pipeline. Please see #2878 for a work around for
```
